Hello
if silly presents sant blai der weyden
waititi are the most stable for fishing
and recreation laguneros and silly boats
marplatense product for nothing
and we continue with all the fishing kayak
from our city of Mar del Plata
we go to the lighthouse restinga
previously we heard Miguel
vinciguerra
it can get complicated
more or less
80 meters
that we had inside, it looks pretty
good
we go with heavy equipment glens of 80
pounds big wheels
of bait
we will put a balloon
both in a depth of one meter
eighty approximately we will locate
in the sector of the side of this destination
to see if the boys are by
area
thank you very much Miguel when he mentions
the boys he's talking about anymore
nor less than the sharks at the back
or are you going in search of them in other
of the many departures that year after year
dare to perform in this case with a
strong wave with a succession of
breakers important but they are already in
the chosen place anchoring their kayaks
here between the first and the second
restinga heavy equipment images of the
January 6 and in the report or the
gift title of kings so I think that
we are on the eve of enjoying
images of these great sharks that
As we always say, they are not offensive
for bathers so close to the
coast but in a strip that exceeds
usually the 400 or 500 meters and
there has never been any attack
here in these latitudes to bathers
first capture greetings to the companions
of miguel 'vinciguerra
leonardo ávalos who made that capture
and now an immediate release and
also to césar pereyra that we will see
in the next block in action by
supposed fishing with immediate return
we make a new cut we celebrate clear
also with these friends then I follow
counting
with his first note
he lost a second Caesar pit and pulled out
50 meters or so that it came off
and it detached him devotes more than hot
never better said Miguel that leaves you
with some intrigue to know that we were stung
that took our line so many meters
and we could not nail in this case they were
nine spikes in four hours
I think he talks clearly about a
very important presence of baco you are
there in the area of ​​the restinga with
conditions that began to deteriorate
minute by minute a northwest wind of 40
kilometers per hour that generates a large
difficulty we are here with men of
experience but you know they had
to fight usually anchored them
they let go with the boat but this
wind could have made them run a
risk with the boat drifting
because these drumsticks always take you
they do it on the area of ​​stones with the
great risk that it generates for what they are
doing this fight here in this case I
Miguel commented that his fight lasted something
more than 30 minutes a boat is already
we're going to see it oscillate in the 60's
kilograms
here we saw in the previous block in cane
from leonardo approximately 35
kilograms in both cases we are
talking about baco you're here in the city
of mar del plata absolutely all the
catches of this group of fishermen is
with immediate release squid like
bait heavy rods weighing 80 pounds and
Rotary rails 60 all the celebration for
Miguel and for all his team and also
the congratulations for the manufacturers
of these kayaks pride of our
City of Mar del Plata Thank you
boys for these images cuts
commercial and then we continue from
marketing